Humph
What's wrong with this woman?
Thank you for investing 1 billion in our family
Just like the Yan family
It also brought such a big cooperation to our family
How can I thank you?
Thank you.
Kiss
Hello, how can you tease?
Do you treat other women the same way?
Nope.
Really too.
Anyway, you have only been the simp of Tomb Qianqian in the past few years.
I really haven't flirted with other women, have I?
There is a kid named Ye Chen
Came to our house with your engagement
What dad
Why did Ye Chen suddenly appear?
Ah, when your grandfather was alive
Signed your engagement with the grandson of a great man
But no one has mentioned it for years
I thought they were breaking the contract by default
Of course I'm sure of Young Master Su's engagement
Don't worry.
In the original book, when the male protagonist Ye Chen came to the Yan family to travel and get married
Take action to treat Uncle Yan who has a sudden strange illness
And captured the heart of the weak blood of the Jiying system
And training aids for girls
After the family was completed, the entire Yan family treated him as a dog